replace `@api/deki` reference ko (#10507)
mdn/translated-content: files/ko/web/css/css_positioning/understanding_z_index/stacking_and_float/index.md

<div id="rel1"><strong>DIV #6</strong><br />position: relative;</div>
```

### CSS

```css
div {
  padding: 10px;
  text-align: center;
}

strong {
  font-family: sans-serif;
}

#abs1 {
  position: absolute;
  width: 150px;
  height: 200px;
  top: 10px;
  right: 140px;
  border: 1px dashed #900;
  background-color: #fdd;
}

#sta1 {
  height: 100px;
  border: 1px dashed #996;
  background-color: #ffc;
  margin: 0px 10px 0px 10px;
  text-align: left;
}

#flo1 {
  margin: 0px 10px 0px 20px;
  float: left;
  width: 150px;
  height: 200px;
  border: 1px dashed #090;
  background-color: #cfc;
}

#flo2 {
  margin: 0px 20px 0px 10px;
  float: right;
  width: 150px;
  height: 200px;
  border: 1px dashed #090;
  background-color: #cfc;
}

#abs2 {
  position: absolute;
  width: 150px;
  height: 100px;
  top: 80px;
  left: 100px;
  border: 1px dashed #990;
  background-color: #fdd;
}

#rel1 {
  position: relative;
  border: 1px dashed #996;
  background-color: #cff;
  margin: 0px 10px 0px 10px;
  text-align: left;
}
```

## 결과

{{EmbedLiveSample("예제", 600, 250)}}

### See also

- [Stacking without z-index](/en-US/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_without_z-index) : Default stacking rules

> - [Adding z-index](/en-US/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Adding_z-index) : Using z-index to change default stacking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Adding z-index](/ko/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Adding_z-index) : Using z-index to change default stacking
```

- [The stacking context](/en-US/CSS/Understanding_z-index/The_stacking_context) : Notes on the stacking context

> - [Stacking context example 1](/en-US/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context_example_1) : 2-level HTML hierarchy, z-index on the last level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Stacking context example 1](/ko/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context_example_1) : 2-level HTML hierarchy, z-index on the last level
```

> - [Stacking context example 2](/en-US/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context_example_2) : 2-level HTML hierarchy, z-index on all levels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Stacking context example 2](/ko/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context_example_2) : 2-level HTML hierarchy, z-index on all levels
```

> - [Stacking context example 3](/en-US/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context_example_3) : 3-level HTML hierarchy, z-index on the second level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Stacking context example 3](/ko/CSS/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context_example_3) : 3-level HTML hierarchy, z-index on the second level
```
